the stock market has been rising and the
general population has become more risk
adverse they are investing in paper
assets like stocks and to a lesser
degree bonds people are using their
savings or in some regions they are
refinancing their home which has risen
in value pulling out the equity to
purchase other items so much debt has
been accumulated and it's all ripe and
ready for the next person
to ride this wave but will these people
find themselves in quicksand you came
here for the truth so let me unveil that
for you I have a very big video for you
today something that I have been
planning and preparing for quite some
time because I see the same mindset in
so many people and many people's
livelihoods everything they've been
working for is all rioting on what's
happening right now so today we are
going to discuss something that I
believe is extremely important it's
going to take a little bit of time here
but I'm trying to condense it into a
short period of time as possible let's
get into it right away beginning with
this this is from yesterday at the time
of this recording as you can see stocks
making new highs obviously this has been
the case for a little while now and you
can see stocks breaking new records or
they at new highs and you see individual
corporations which have been doing very
well in this case you're looking at the
tech sector and this has been going on
now for a little bit of time
particularly though the tech stocks have
been doing very well so more people are
just throwing their money in throwing
their money in and you see the
valuations the next trillion company who
will it be who is going to be the
biggest stock today more money more
money it's all being thrown in but
what's happening behind the scenes let's
cover the nitty-gritty let's get into it
here what we are seeing here an article
from The Wall Street Journal the reason
behind why central banks are buying
stocks so wait a minute you're telling
me that we never hear about this in the
mainstream media as in like Front Page
News you don't hear the financial
analyst talking about it nobody's really
talking about it although it's an
admitted fact it gets admitted in the
Wall Street Journal it gets admitted
everywhere yet you don't really hear
that that's the
reason why stocks are rising this is one
of the primary reasons not a secondary
reason but a primary reason there are
several forces driving this part of it
is a hunt for high returns because of
the negative rates nearly 11 trillion or
roughly one qu of global fixed income
assets yield yielded nearly or below
zero excuse me at the end of 2016 below
zero so you're going to get a negative
interest rate in this1 trillion worth
that's a quarter you're going to
get zero returns or less think about
that for a second now obviously these
central banks are going out there and
eyeing better returns because of course
they're a business and they want to
create more Profit just like any
business the Central Bank does that
except the only difference is that a
central bank can print up
money and buy those shares It's a
Wonderful system that they have and
essentially that's all I wanted to make
mention for this central banks buy
shares push up the stock market
prices and we know that here you can see
equities this is basically talking about
the Central Bank Reserves they have been
increasing the amount of equities they
have been
purchasing you can see that right now at
this time in 2017 central banks around
the world are printing $200 billion
every single month and they are buying
various
things one of those things is
in this
next chart showing you the bank of Japan
buying up can you believe it if you see
this right
here I mean the totals are essentially
2/3
of 2third of ETFs are owned by the bank
of Japan and that's that should show
everybody how much these central banks
are
buying when all of
Japan practically all of Japan is owned
by the government you know you have
yourself a very big problem but don't
worry because every financial analyst
every financial planner everyone who
studies this is told over and over again
that th this is the reason the bank of
Japan or I should say Japan in general
is the reason why printing money works
and I beg to differ let's move on to the
next
one if you are brave enough if you have
the
guts if you feel that the stock market
Rising is the reason to put your money
into it then have the guts to invest in
the v Venezuelan stock market it is
booming it is going
crazy look at this just since January
2016 the prices are going
astronomical and then when you zoom out
in this chart it's even crazier just
over the past few
years and why
if you're looking for good returns why
wouldn't you invest in the Venezuelan
stock
market you're talking about alltime
highs right now in April
2017 and guess what the price is
probably going to go higher next month
and probably going to go higher the
month after there's a lot of risk there
but if you're looking for the numbers to
go higher then just dump your money into
the Venezuelan stock market have the
guts if you're one of these
individuals who wants the markets to go
higher at a rapid rate please by all
means do so but of
course for those who are still with
me when you devalue the currency asset
prices will rise they will not rise in a
linear and neat and clean fashion they
will rise erratically you can't decide
what's going to rise but I assure you if
you devalue your currency by printing it
things are going to get more expensive
that's what's happening here when you
use a central bank that can dictate the
amount of liquidity that is in the
system they will determine what assets
are priced at the can't specifically say
necessarily but they can decide if
something's going to go up or it's going
to go
down this right here is in quotes from
1929 as you can see in late October Wall
Street loses 11% 133%
12% huge drops that occurred and yet in
around that same time frame you you see
quotes like
this and of course looking back on it we
can
laugh there's no cause to worry the high
tide of prosperity will
continue sure stock prices have reached
what looks like a permanently High
Plateau absolutely not the crash is not
not going to have much effect on
business I have no fear of another
comparable
Decline and so we know what happened
after
this that in
1929 it was just the beginning and if
actually if you go to this page you can
scroll down and you'll see the ones from
1930 1931 and basically the same thing
people will deny it the whole time
you're never going to hear it from the
government you're never going to hear it
from the fin final
analysts and you're especially not going
to hear from the people who have heavily
invested into
this you need to be brave and you need
to realize on your own where your
savings should be if you think that's
the stock market then you have to be
aware of what's going to happen you need
to monitor it and you need to take full
responsibility that's all you can't be
the one to then decide in the future you
know it's somebody else's problem no
it's your own Problem whatever decisions
you
make you need to be responsible for them
when we look at asset prices rising we
need to understand that it's not just
the assets all
the things that you may be invested in
that are rising but it is the the daily
expenses and in this case you have
household electricity business
electricity household gas and business
gas so essentially our Energy prices and
guess what they've been rising and they
have been consistently Rising but this
is only in the US right this is only in
Australia right no this chart here
happens to be from Australia but you can
see that in the UK the same problems are
rising end power changes domestic
standard Energy prices impacting around
50% of customers so guess what a lot of
people all of a
sudden have to pay more and do they send
you a warning 10 years down the road do
they give
you some sort of you
know willingness to pay at a later date
no you get the bills and you have to pay
them or else the creditors come for you
and even when your government generates
a surplus of energy your prices never go
down that's just the way it is SSE to
hike electricity prices adding
73 a year to
Bills should this surprise anyone that
electricity and energy prices and food
prices continue to rise
absolutely
not and it
doesn't surprise any of you I know that
because every time you go to pay your
bills they are higher so what's
happening here they told me that there
is no inflation or next to no inflation
then why why are all of the bills
getting more expensive why are the
houses getting more expensive why are
the asset prices rising why is
everything getting more expensive yet
you're telling me that inflation could
be anywhere less than
2% what
exactly other than our
wages is
getting this level of inflation that
they're claiming I don't get
it with food prices rising middle class
Canadians say they're feeling the pinch
too it's not just those in the those in
poverty of course they are the ones that
suffer the most when food prices rise
but it's everyone
suffering that's a fact here it is in
this article here Canada the US you're
looking at the UK you're looking at
Australia anywhere anywhere it's
affecting
everyone please click on the link in the
description for part two of this video
where I tie it all together